 Economic growth, contract theory.
 Fiscal policy, currency unions, size of countries, redistributive policies.
 Contractual frictions in international trade, the international organization of production, patterns of industrialization.
 
 
 Equilibrium models of stock and bond prices, portfolio choice for long-term investors, risk sharing functions of financial markets.
 Empirical applications of statistical decision theory in microeconomics.
 Middle East Economic History
 optimal design of tax and social insurance policies, consumption behavior and risk preferences, behavioral welfare economics
 Integrating China into the world economic system.
 Why people are in better health, the impact of medical care on the public sector, racial and ethnic segregation.
 
 Macroeconomic policy.
 Social Security reform, effects of inflation, effects of taxation.
 Labor economics 
 Growth and decline of unions, effects of immigration and trade on inequality, restructuring European welfare states, Chinese labor markets, poverty and crime, self-organizing non-union in the labor market, employee involvement programs.
 The role that financial markets play in determining the effects of monetary and fiscal policies on the non-financial economy, conceptual frameworks for planning and implementing monetary policy, social and moral consequences of economic growth.
 Affirmative action, discrimination, social economics.
 Learning IN games, reputation AND repeated play, theoretical industrial organization.
 
 The economic histories of education, income, inequality, immigration, technological change, and the interrelationships among them, particularly for the United States in the 19th and 20th centuries and beyond.
 
 Behavior under uncertainty, incentives and game theory, public finance: health care, technology, and environment.
 Theory of the firm and organizations, financial structure of firms, contract theory.
 International trade, international interdependence, inequality.
 
 
 Tax reform and U.S. economic growth, energy, the environment, economic growth in China, investment in human capital, international comparisons of economic growth.
Labor Economics,

 Labor economics, economics of social problems, applied microeconomics.
 Development economics.
 Macroeconomics, finance, psychology and economics, experimental economics.
 Industrial Organization, Microeconomic Theory, Applied Econometrics.
 Macroeconomics.
 Theory, history, development, methodology.
 Theory
 Labor economics.
 International Trade and Investment
 Economics of libertarianism.
 Psychology and economics, poverty, finance.
 International trade, development economics, economic history. 
 Industrial organization, econometrics.
 Labor economics, applied microeconomics
 International finance.
 Economics, philosophy, decision theory.
 Law and economics, corporate finance.
 Macroeconomics, Finance, Theory
 Corporate finance, behavioral finance, money and banking.
 Macroeconomic forecasting, monetary policy, the construction and use of leading and coincident economic indicators.
 Decision Theory, Microeconomic Theory
 Macroeconomics, international policy, finance, public economics, labor.
 Environmental economics, economic theory.
limits to growth, green accounting, discounting,
