 Economic theory, development, industrial organization.
 Economic growth, contract theory.
 Political economy, monetary and fiscal policy, macroeconomics.
 Fiscal policy, currency unions, size of countries, redistributive policies.
 International economics.
 Contractual frictions in international trade, the international organization of production, patterns of industrialization.
 Microeconomic theory, industrial organization, econometrics.
 
 Economic growth, macroeconomics.
 
 Asset pricing, macroeconomics.
 Equilibrium models of stock and bond prices, portfolio choice for long-term investors, risk sharing functions of financial markets.
 Econometrics.
 Empirical applications of statistical decision theory in microeconomics.
 Economic History
 Middle East Economic History
 Public economics, applied microeconomics, macroeconomics
 optimal design of tax and social insurance policies, consumption behavior and risk preferences, behavioral welfare economics
 International economics, including both international trade and international monetary economics, international environmental and energy issues.
 Integrating China into the world economic system.
 Public economics, health economics.
 Why people are in better health, the impact of medical care on the public sector, racial and ethnic segregation.
 Development, Political Economy
 
 Macroeconomics.
 Macroeconomic policy.
 Public economics, taxation, social insurance, macroeconomics.
 Social Security reform, effects of inflation, effects of taxation.
 Macroeconomics and labor economics
 Labor economics 
 Labor economics and institutions, inequality, crime, philanthropy, European labor markets, computer simulation modeling, trade unionism.
 Growth and decline of unions, effects of immigration and trade on inequality, restructuring European welfare states, Chinese labor markets, poverty and crime, self-organizing non-union in the labor market, employee involvement programs.
 Macroeconomics, monetary and fiscal policy.
 The role that financial markets play in determining the effects of monetary and fiscal policies on the non-financial economy, conceptual frameworks for planning and implementing monetary policy, social and moral consequences of economic growth.
 Applied theory, applied microeconomics, labor economics.
 Affirmative action, discrimination, social economics.
 Game theory, microeconomic theory.
 Learning IN games, reputation AND repeated play, theoretical industrial organization.
 Urban economics, social economics, institutions.
 
 Economic history, labor economics.
 The economic histories of education, income, inequality, immigration, technological change, and the interrelationships among them, particularly for the United States in the 19th and 20th centuries and beyond.
 International macroeconomics and trade.
 
 Microeconomic theory.
 Behavior under uncertainty, incentives and game theory, public finance: health care, technology, and environment.
 Microeconomics.
 Theory of the firm and organizations, financial structure of firms, contract theory.
 International economics, economic growth, political economy.
 International trade, international interdependence, inequality.
 Public Economics
 
 Economic History and Development
 
 Econometrics.
 Tax reform and U.S. economic growth, energy, the environment, economic growth in China, investment in human capital, international comparisons of economic growth.
 Econometrics,
Labor Economics,
Public Finance

 identification and parameters of interest in microeconometrics, econometrics methods for the analysis of economic inequality, optimal policy choice and econometrics
 Labor economics, economics of social problems, applied microeconomics.
 Wage determination, understanding changes in the wage structure and wage inequality, housing mobility and neighborhood effects, technological change and the labor market, unemployment, immigration, evaluation of the impacts of social and labor market poli
 Development economics.
 Economic development, health and education in the developing world. 
 Macroeconomics, finance, psychology and economics, experimental economics.
 Savings, consumption, intertemporal choice, neuroeconomics, household finance, bounded rationality.
 Industrial Organization, Microeconomic Theory, Applied Econometrics.
 Role of information in markets (disclosure, signaling behavior), Auction Estimation and Design.
 Macroeconomics.
 Price adjustment, consumer behavior, financial markets, monetary and fiscal policy, economic growth.
 Theory, history, development, methodology.
 
 Theory
 Theory
 Labor economics.
 Empirical studies which explore the impacts of household, corporate and government debt on employment and earnings.
 International Trade and Investment
 Producer-level responses to globalization
 Economics of libertarianism.
 Financial Crises, Global Warming, Alcohol and Drug Policy, Crime
 Psychology and economics, poverty, finance.
 
 International trade, development economics, economic history. 
 
 Industrial organization, econometrics.
 Static and dynamic models of industry equilibrium and their use in applied work.
 Labor economics, applied microeconomics
 Employment, economics of education, discrimination
 International finance.
 Global financial systems and the political economy of international macroeconomic policy.
 Economics, philosophy, decision theory.
 Social choice theory, welfare economics, theory of measurement, development, public health, gender studies, moral and political philosophy, the economics of war and peace.
 Law and economics, corporate finance.
 
 Macroeconomics, Finance, Theory
 
 Corporate finance, behavioral finance, money and banking.
 Capital allocation inside firms, asset pricing with differences of opinion, the role of banks in the transmission of monetary policy.
 Macroeconomic forecasting, monetary policy, the construction and use of leading and coincident economic indicators.
 
 Decision Theory, Microeconomic Theory
 
 Macroeconomics, international policy, finance, public economics, labor.
 
 Environmental economics, economic theory.
 Environmental economics, economics of biodiversity, limits to growth, green accounting, discounting, economics of global warming.
