 Economic theory, development, industrial organization.
 Political economy, monetary and fiscal policy, macroeconomics.
 International economics.
 Microeconomic theory, industrial organization, econometrics.
 Economic growth, macroeconomics.
 Asset pricing, macroeconomics.
 Econometrics.
 Economic History
 Public economics, applied microeconomics, macroeconomics
 International economics, including both international trade and international monetary economics, international environmental and energy issues.
 Public economics, health economics.
 Development, Political Economy
 Macroeconomics.
 Public economics, taxation, social insurance, macroeconomics.
 Macroeconomics and labor economics
 Labor economics and institutions, inequality, crime, philanthropy, European labor markets, computer simulation modeling, trade unionism.
 Macroeconomics, monetary and fiscal policy.
 Applied theory, applied microeconomics, labor economics.
 Game theory, microeconomic theory.
 Urban economics, social economics, institutions.
 Economic history, labor economics.
 International macroeconomics and trade.
 Microeconomic theory.
 Microeconomics.
 International economics, economic growth, political economy.
 Public Economics
 Economic History and Development
 Econometrics.
 Econometrics,
Public Finance
 identification and parameters of interest in microeconometrics, econometrics methods for the analysis of economic inequality, optimal policy choice and econometrics
 Wage determination, understanding changes in the wage structure and wage inequality, housing mobility and neighborhood effects, technological change and the labor market, unemployment, immigration, evaluation of the impacts of social and labor market poli
 Economic development, health and education in the developing world. 
 Savings, consumption, intertemporal choice, neuroeconomics, household finance, bounded rationality.
 Role of information in markets (disclosure, signaling behavior), Auction Estimation and Design.
 Price adjustment, consumer behavior, financial markets, monetary and fiscal policy, economic growth.
 
 Theory
 Empirical studies which explore the impacts of household, corporate and government debt on employment and earnings.
 Producer-level responses to globalization
 Financial Crises, Global Warming, Alcohol and Drug Policy, Crime
 
 
 Static and dynamic models of industry equilibrium and their use in applied work.
 Employment, economics of education, discrimination
 Global financial systems and the political economy of international macroeconomic policy.
 Social choice theory, welfare economics, theory of measurement, development, public health, gender studies, moral and political philosophy, the economics of war and peace.
 
 
 Capital allocation inside firms, asset pricing with differences of opinion, the role of banks in the transmission of monetary policy.
 
 
 
 Environmental economics, economics of biodiversity,
economics of global warming.
